Rearrange changelog (#3123)
brainstormforce/ultimate-addons-for-gutenberg: README.md

* Improvement: Heading - Added the functionality to move onto a new paragraph when pressing the enter key inside the Heading block.
* Improvement: Countdown - Added the Countdown block to the list of Core Blocks.
* Improvement: Typography - Added 'Bebas Neue' Google font in Font Families.

> * Fix: Container - Content box width does not apply in the editor inside column core block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix: Container - Resolved an issue in which the content box width would not apply in the editor inside the column core block.
```

Author: Resolved

* Fix: Container - Resolved an issue where the video/image background styling was not working as expected on the front-end.
* Fix: Image - Resolved an issue where an error would occur when we try to crop the image.
* Fix: Buttons - Fixed the issue in which the text hover color would apply to the icon when the icon is enabled.
* Fix: Info Box -  Resolved an issue in which the prefix margin would not be applied on the front-end.
* Fix: Forms - Fixed an issue on form submission failure in FSE themes.
* Fix: Image Gallery - Resolved an issue wherein the carousel images would initially appear big on load.

> * Fix: Masonry Gallery - Resolved an issue in which the Masonry Gallery extension would not work as intended in the FSE.

Reviewer: Should Masonry Gallery be here?
Also should we have it like this?

```suggestion
* Fix: Masonry Gallery Extension - Resolved an issue in which the Masonry Gallery extension would not work as intended in the FSE.
```
It's an extension, not a block.

Author: Resolved
